[Docs] Document FGAC user role assignment (#41797)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/manage-users/server-admin/server-admin-manage-orgs.md

# Manage organizations as a Server Admin

> This topic explains organization management tasks performed by Grafana Server Adhttp_api/access_control.mdmins.

Reviewer: 🙂

```suggestion
This topic explains organization management tasks performed by Grafana Server Admins.
```

?

Reviewer 2: Yup :) Thanks for spotting!
